the resource is your rely on their provided by the navy, uh, are broad
spectrum. Uh, there's not one that's necessarily better than another.
But what I would say is that if you have a general question about
the Navy, whether you're talking about military pay or you're talking
about B H in a location where you're trying to get access to, you
know, maybe healthcare type questions military One source, which is
not directly part of the big Navy apparatus, usually kind of collates
an aggregate. This information usually ends up being a one stop shop
for at least pointing you in the right direction of where you need
to go for for this type of thing. Usually we need as a jail you're
not exactly looking for big Navy. Resource is, it just doesn't happen
too much. But there that's a good website to go to. A few if you
need it